So everyone stay here.
Let's go.
Eung-cheol, hold me.
You bastards!
It's a grenade! Get down!
All units, fire!
Get out of here! Hurry up!
Four of our guys are injured.
It looks like the plan failed.
I'll kill them all.
Eung-cheol!
Get it together.
We're going in.
We'll go in and secure the targets.
Hey, halt! Halt!
This is the director of ANSP. Halt!
If the students are killed,
we'll be doomed!
Why do you think
this happened in the first place?
Exaggerating the engagement won't help us!
Let's just go in and eliminate them all!
Are you insane?
What if all the hostages are killed?
I'll deal with the communist jerks,
so you stay out of it, scaredy-cat.
SWAT team, listen--
If you stab them in the back twice,
how will you negotiate with them?
You think you can bury this
without anyone knowing?
You made sure
no one will talk about this, right?
If anyone asks about this
hostage situation, just lock them all up!
We already
took necessary measures just in case.
We told the shop owners
that we were catching deserters.
And we made sure
to keep the press quiet about it.
But your daughter…
Do you think the other hostages are okay?
Put me through to the dorm.